update Nuxt Pages guide (#7447)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/framework-guides/nuxt.md

title: Deploy a Nuxt.js site
---

# Deploy a Nuxt site

> [Nuxt](https://nuxt.com) is a web framework making web Vue.js based development simple and powerful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Nuxt](https://nuxt.com) is a web framework making web Vue.js-based development simple and powerful.
```

In this guide, you will create a new Nuxt application and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages.

## Create a new project

Create a new project by running the following commands in your terminal:

```sh
$ npx nuxi init my-nuxt-app
$ cd my-nuxt-app
$ npm install
```

> Next, you can run the application using the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, run the application using the command:
```

For the complete guide to deploying your first site to Cloudflare Pages, refer to the [Get started guide](/pages/get-started/).

{{</Aside>}}
  
{{<Aside type="warning" header="Auto Minify and Nuxt.js">}}

> If you are going to use a custom domain that is proxied through Cloudflare, you may run into issues with the Auto Minify feature. If enabled for HTML, it will strip comments which Nuxt.js and some other frameworks may rely on.

Author: I've tried to set a custom domain for a Nuxt app and it looks like it's working fine (https://my-nuxt-app.dariopiot.net/) so I think this info may be outdated

> ## Using bindings in your Nuxt application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use bindings in your Nuxt application
```

> Currently it is not possible to access Bindings from a Nuxt application (see this [Nuxt GitHub issue](https://github.com/nuxt/nuxt/issues/18599)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not currently possible to access bindings from a Nuxt application (refer to this [Nuxt GitHub issue](https://github.com/nuxt/nuxt/issues/18599)).
```

> As soon as the Nuxt issue is addressed and Bindings are accessible we'll update this guide accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When bindings are accessible from a Nuxt application, we will update this guide accordingly.
```
